Grilli Type End User License Agreement (Web Fonts)

Version 1.5 / December 2012

(1) This is an agreement between you, the purchaser, and Grilli (Unincorporated Association Grilli). In accepting the terms of this agreement, you acknowledge understanding and promise to comply with its terms. If you do not accept the terms, you can not complete the purchase transaction.

(2) What you are purchasing from Grilli is the license to use digital typeface software – hereafter “webfonts” – on a certain number of computers within your organization and servers under your control; you are not purchasing the copyright to the design of the webfonts, but the rights to use the webfonts with the CSS @ font-face technology and on your computer for preparational use only. This agreement is valid for an unlimited period of time unless either party terminates it as stipulated under (6).

(3) If you are purchasing 1 license, you may use the webfonts on any number of servers under your control to serve a maximum of 50,000 unique visitors per month, as well as on a maxium of 3 computers within your organization. Servers under your control means that you either control the computers or computing instances physically or have sole administrative access to them through electronic means, aside from the owner of the server. The use of the webfonts on your computers is restricted to preparing their application on websites. This license does not grant you the right to use the webfonts for use in print or other products than your or your client’s websites. You can purchase additional licenses at any time, which grant you the rights to use the webfonts on additional computers and servers and serve additional visitors, as noted above.

(4) You can make archival copies of the webfonts for your own purposes. You will not distribute the webfonts to people outside of your organization. A copy of the webfonts may be sent to your web developer if necessary, counting towards the computer limits as specified under (3). The web developer may only use the webfont files for the specific job and has to delete any copies of the fonts after finishing his work. The webfonts may be embedded in other software files, such as Flash files, sIFR, and Cufon, for use in websites. They may not be embedded in other standalone software files like applications for phones or computers.

(5) You may modify the webfonts for your own purposes, but the copyright remains with Grilli, and the number of computers and servers covered by the license remains the same. You may not commission a third party to modify the webfonts without first gaining permission from Grilli. You may not distribute, sell or give away modified versions of the webfonts.

(6) We have done everything we can to produce our webfonts to the highest and most up-to-date technical standards, and we test the webfonts in the latest versions of several technically-compliant applications. If you do experience any difficulties with our webfonts, we will do everything that we can to work with you to resolve any issues. If, after we have worked with you to resolve any technical issues, you are still not satisfied with our product, we will be pleased to refund your money, which shall be the limit of our liability in this transaction. You may not use the webfonts after this point. Only technical issues are reason for refund, and the customer has to show clearly that they do exist and can not be resolved by Grilli.

(7) We grant the rights of use of our web fonts to you in good faith, and request that you promise to adhere to the terms of this agreement to the best of your ability, and in good faith.

(8) The agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swiss law. Place of performance is Zurich, Switzerland. The courts of Zurich, Switzerland shall have jurisdiction.